Sample preparation:
3/4 droplets, in 10 mL of water (0.3/0.4 mg/mL)

DLS
solvent: water
temperature: 25ºC
number of measurements: 3 (is enough)
algorithm: ?, designed for poly (?) dispersed particles, samples with more than 1 population of sizes
However, our population is monodispersed and simple, but still use the best algorithm

Laser hits sample, light diffractes, software constructs diffraction pattern
Particles are in solution, moving, thus diffraction pattern changes with time, different from initial
differences in time of diffraction pattern allows software to construct correlation curve.

Value of the correlation curve inversely proportional to difference in diffraction patterns; as time progresses, difference bigger, therefore curve goes to zero
With 2 sets of correlation curves, can immediately do qualitative analysis, say which one is for bigger and smaller populations, because bigger particles move slower, thus diffraction pattern changes slower
If difference grows slower, takes more time to go to zero.
For smaller particles, move quicker (diffraction pattern changes more quick)), curve goes to zero quicker.

Once we have the correlation curve, algorithm acts; uses many functions to determine equation of curve. This algorithm uses exponential functions (more complex). Determina diffusion coefficient da sample a partir da equation of the curve.
From another equation, determine size of particles. 

The size distribution might not be accurate, thus the correlation curve must always be presented. 

In the correlation curve: 

(1) projection in the y-axis must intersect it below 1, otherwise means sample is too concentrated;
it's bad because, with too many particles, instead of light hitting 1 particle and then the detector, the refracted light will reach successive particles, instead of being scattered 1 time, same beam of light will be scattered multiple times.
With multi-scattering, will change diffraction pattern very quickly, meaning that software will construct a curve that goes to zero quicklier than it should - size of particles will be lower than real value.

(2) curve doesn't go to zero could be impurities (like dust) or aggregation (very often); in silica particles, to remove the aggregates, usually do sonication for short periods of time (long periods of time heats up sample, particles tend to aggregate, would worsen the problem).
If aggregates still present after some sonications, usually use syringe filters, will remove bigger aggregates (also removes dust, sonication won't).

NTA
Principle is the same, with light scattering, but instead of detectors there is a camera.
Particles have size much lower than wavelength of laser, what we see is light scattered by sample, captured by camera (not the actual particles).
Neste caso, pode ver-se se há aggregates, sabemos de facto onde estão, ou partículas demasiado grandes - podemos dizer ao software para ignorar esses!
Escolheu-se vídeo de 10 segundos, mete-se threshold para dizer quais pontos luminosos (a partir de certain sizes) não seguir.
Software follows each dot for 10 second and calculates diffusion coefficient for EACH one, does an average, does size distribution curve.
128 nm of average size, standard deviation of 18nm.
Put graph in the report.
ALWAYS 2 CASAS DECIMAIS

(no DLS, é average diffraction pattern, no NTA é average diffusion coefficient)

DLS - temos raw data, graphs no Excel; 3 measurments, começa com nome, 1os numeros y-axis of correlation curve, 2os numeros x-axis of correlation curve (correlation delay time), 3os numeros são size distributions (x-axis), 4os numeros são y-axis da size distribution curve
Do 3 correlation curves and 3 size distributions curves. Para cada size distribution curve, determinar average size com standard deviation, depois fazer average das 3. 
Correlation curve - time has to be in LOG SCALE, I think
Para as correlation curves, just to show that the results are accurate/viable - should be below 1 and go to zero 

DLS and NTA will give similar results, but maybe smaller sizes for NTA, we can select unwanted, DLS takes into account everything
DLS and NTA will give bigger sizes than SEM/TEM, because they are now in solution, when they move drag a layer of water - we see HYDRODYNAMIC SIZE of particles.
extra layer will be the difference between DLS/NTA and SEM/TEM (particles dry in latter, exact size of particles).

Explain why difference in size with different parameters (more important), and different techniques. Explain sample preparation. ~


----------------

SEM/TEM recording
TEM magnifica muito mais; pode ser difícil encontrar qd solução está muito diluída.
Sample não é diluída mais além da preparation. 